P1: CRUD usage examples moved to appropriate pages (#618)
mongodb/docs-java: source/crud/write-operations/bulk.txt

- `BulkWriteOptions <{+api+}/apidocs/mongodb-driver-core/com/mongodb/client/model/BulkWriteOptions.html>`__
- `ordered() <{+api+}/apidocs/mongodb-driver-core/com/mongodb/client/model/BulkWriteOptions.html#ordered(boolean)>`__

> BulkWrite Example: Full File

Reviewer: S: I'd add a space or change to bulkWrite()
```suggestion
Bulk Write Example: Full File
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following code is a complete, standalone file that performs an ordered bulk
write operation. 

.. include:: /includes/crud/example-intro.rst

This example call to ``bulkWrite()`` includes examples of the ``InsertOneModel``,

> ``UpdateOneModel``, ``DeleteOneModel``, and ``ReplaceOneModel``. 

Reviewer: S: similar to my suggestion for the find example, I'd introduce the code example with the list, something like "This code example is a complete, standalone file that performs the following actions:

- Creates an InsertOneModel, UpdateOneModel ... to specify the write operations
- Runs an ordered bulk write operation to perform the specified writes

- `BulkWriteOptions <{+api+}/apidocs/mongodb-driver-core/com/mongodb/client/model/BulkWriteOptions.html>`__
- `ordered() <{+api+}/apidocs/mongodb-driver-core/com/mongodb/client/model/BulkWriteOptions.html#ordered(boolean)>`__

Bulk Write Example: Full File
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. include:: /includes/crud/example-intro.rst

The following code is a complete, standalone file that performs the following
actions:

#. Creates a list of instances of the ``InsertOneModel``, ``UpdateOneModel``,
   ``DeleteOneModel``, and ``ReplaceOneModel`` classes.

> #. Runs an ordered ``bulkWrite()`` operation on the list.

Reviewer: S: I think it's more accurate to say something like "runs the writes specified in the list of models", rather than runs "on the list"
```suggestion
#. Runs an ordered ``bulkWrite()`` operation that performs the writes specified in the model list.
```

in an error, the other operations are executed because the write operation is
unordered.

Additional Information
----------------------

API Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To learn more about the methods and classes used to perform bulk write
operations in this section, see the following API documentation:

MongoCollection
```````````````

- `bulkWrite() <{+api+}/apidocs/mongodb-driver-sync/com/mongodb/client/MongoCollection.html#bulkWrite(com.mongodb.client.ClientSession,java.util.List)>`__
- `BulkWriteOptions <{+api+}/apidocs/mongodb-driver-core/com/mongodb/client/model/BulkWriteOptions.html>`__
- `MongoBulkWriteException <{+api+}/apidocs/mongodb-driver-core/com/mongodb/MongoBulkWriteException.html>`__

MongoClient

> ````````````

Reviewer: S: looks like there's an extra backtick here
